#   (Project Name / Team Name)

December 4, 2019

## Sprint 1 Review/Retrospective and Sprint 2 Planning Meeting

### Sprint 1 Review/Retrospective

-   What did we accomplish? We created a static version of the project that works as a prototype for the Bohn's Drones system
-   What didn't we accomplish? We haven't implemented the full map yet, or fully implemented writing.
-   What were the unexpected obstacles and opportunities? Difficulties with mapping everything
-   What should we keep doing? Meeting and communicating to ensure everyone is on the same page.
-   What should we stop doing? 
-   What should we start doing or do differently? We will need to start taking initiative for individual parts of the project on a much larger scale to be more productive than the last sprint.

### Sprint 2 Planning Meeting

-   Identify sprint goal
        Create a working version of the project that satisfies all of the functional requirements
-   What backlog items are in this sprint?
     - allow dispatch of drone to pick up package for delivery
     - allow package hand off between drones at depot.
     - allow customer to view status of a delivery
     - allow customer to create delivery request
     - allow staff to observe where a drone is(depot/between depot/at customer)
     - allow staff to observe which package is in which drone
     - allow staff to observe status of a delivery(just like customer)
     - allow staff to dispatch an empty SUAS to another Depot
-   Prepare sprint backlog
